Add information about deprecated features to `deprecationinfo` results. (#6425)
zcash/zcash: doc/release-notes.md

Notable changes
===============

RPC Changes
-----------

- `getdeprecationinfo` has several changes:
  - It now returns additional information about currently deprecated and
    disabled features.
  - A new `end_of_service` object that contains both the block height for
    end-of-service and the estimated time that the end-of-service halt is

>     expected to occur. Note that this height is just an approximation and
>     should not be relied upon due to the variability in block times. The

Reviewer: If it shouldn't be relied upon, why add it? I think the more relevant point is that users shouldn't assume that a point-in-time reading of the value will remain correct:
```suggestion
    expected to occur. Note that this height is just an approximation and
    will change over time as the end-of-service block height approaches,
    due to the variability in block times. The
```
